adwm -- history of user-visible changes.  2020-02-11

Release adwm-0.7.10 released 2020-02-11
---------------------------------------

git tag -n100 -l 0.7.10

0.7.10          Maintenance Release 0.7.10

    This is another release of the adwm window manager that provdes a fully
    XDG, WindowMaker, WMH (WinWM), MWMH (CDE/Motif), ICCM 2.0 compliant
    tiling/floating window manager. It borrows concepts from dwm(1),
    velox(1), awesome(1), spectrwm(1) and wmii(1).

    This is a maintenance release that fixes a number of issues, provides
    full support for compilation with -Wextra flag. Although this release
    provides some significant development of X11R6 session management
    capabilities, those capabilities are not yet used. There are no
    outstanding issues at the time of release, and the next release should
    include some outstanding development from the TODO list.

    Included in the release is an autoconf tarball for building the package
    from source. See the NEWS and TODO file in the release for more
    information. Please report problems to the issues list on GitHub.

git shortlog -e -n -w80,6,8 0.7.9...0.7.10

Brian Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org> (95):
      post release update
      document session support
      add notes on session management
      start session restore functions
      address issue #9
      include restore file in compile
      save views
      more savefile configuration
      more putresource functions
      address another issue #9 item
      rename style database
      rework save function
      add some notes for session management
      add some notes
      add showing_desktop to state
      save and restore layout orient and win placement
      update man pages for new configuration directives
      provide key actions for win placement strategy
      save and restore tags selected for each view
      mark NOTES.sm file as asciidoc
      use actual number of tags per screen
      correct logic error in islost
      avoid overflow on shifts
      don't assign seltags to tags
      save client lists
      document button bindings and titlelayout
      add type
      create button manual page
      get ready to save clients for session management
      start working configurable buttons
      handle multiple actions for buttons
      rework button functions
      default buttonrc file
      some corrections
      support loadable mouse button defs
      updated TODO
      use pixmaps for menus in titlebar
      do not pass NULL to strcmp
      do not pass NULL to client events
      get offsets right
      print more info in logs
      spelling corrections
      add and track sm_role and sm_name for session mgmt
      update compliance items
      skip regex on special "NULL" sequence
      document window rules
      typo in help message
      update copyright dates
      add and document session mgmt options
      cosmetic
      Merge branch 'master' of github.com:bbidulock/adwm
      remove gh-pages artifact
      add rules file documentation
      ignore rule doc artifacts
      create rules manpage
      install rules manpage
      minor cleanup
      document buttons and rules files
      minor cleanup of dock manpage
      minor cleanup of keys manpage
      minor cleanup of manpages
      read rules file
      read rules file
      save rules file
      building up session management
      document rules better
      save rules in current format
      parse new rule format
      apply rules with current format
      save directly to file (simpler)
      use mask of restorable bits
      save more session fields
      show initial and final configuration for testing
      documnet compliance items
      rework tag naming
      fix tag names and current view restoration
      do not update desktop number too early
      do not debug
      extra include not used
      get tag names working properly
      remove unused function
      fix error in configure logic
      potential fix for issue #10
      turn on extra warnings
      handle extra warnings
      add missing type
      undo some changes in image.c
      fixup for -Wextra
      honor modality set by MOTIF_WM_HINTS
      correct saving screen directives
      unset DESKTOP_STARTUP_ID in environment
      some additional documentation
      simpler MDOCDATE and cscope
      update release files
      update release files

Brian Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.com> (1):
      Set theme jekyll-theme-minimal


Release adwm-0.7.9 released 2019-10-03
--------------------------------------

git tag -n100 -l 0.7.9

0.7.9           Maintenance Release 0.7.9

    This is another release of the adwm window manager that provdes a fully
    XDG, WindowMaker, WMH (WinWM), MWMH (CDE/Motif), ICCM 2.0 compliant
    tiling/floating window manager. It borrows concepts from dwm(1),
    velox(1), awesome(1), spectrwm(1) and wmii(1).

    This is a maintenance release that includes some build improvements and
    a fix for issue #7 by forcing a make dependency between adwm-adwm.la
    and adwm. There are no outstanding issues at the time of release, and
    the next release should include some outstanding development from the
    TODO list.

    Included in the release is an autoconf tarball for building the package
    from source. See the NEWS and TODO file in the release for more
    information. Please report problems to the issues list on GitHub.

git shortlog -e -n -w80,6,8 0.7.8...0.7.9

Brian Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org> (2):
      fix issue #7
      update release files


Release adwm-0.7.8 released 2019-09-05
--------------------------------------

git tag -n100 -l 0.7.8

0.7.8           Maintenance Release 0.7.8

    This is another release of the adwm window manager that provdes a fully
    XDG, WindowMaker, WMH (WinWM), MWMH (CDE/Motif), ICCM 2.0 compliant
    tiling/floating window manager. It borrows concepts from dwm(1),
    velox(1), awesome(1), spectrwm(1) and wmii(1).

    This is a maintenance release that includes some build improvements and
    provides a better workaround for gcc 9.1's silly string truncation
    warnings. There are no outstanding issues at the time of release, and
    the next release should include some outstanding development from the
    TODO list.

    Included in the release is an autoconf tarball for building the package
    from source. See the NEWS and TODO file in the release for more
    information. Please report problems to the issues list on GitHub.

git shortlog -e -n -w80,6,8 0.7.7...0.7.8

Brian Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org> (9):
      better fix for gcc 9.1 string truncation stupidity
      better rlease file build
      put filename last in sed command
      update release notes
      better defaults, deprecated macro
      better defaults now
      build release notes with dist
      update release notes
      update release files


Release adwm-0.7.7 released 2019-08-30
--------------------------------------

git tag -n100 -l 0.7.7

0.7.7           Maintenance Release 0.7.7

    This is a maintenance release that includes a fix for gcc 9.1 silly
    string warnings, gettext parsing, builds a better NEWS file, and
    converts the release archives to lzip compression.

    As usual, Included is an autoconf tarball for building the package from
    source. Please report problems to the issues list on github.

git shortlog -e -n -w80,6,8 0.7.6...0.7.7

Brian Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org> (6):
      update sed for gettext 0.20.1
      detect release head properly when generating NEWS
      avoid gcc 9.1 silly warnings
      update release notes
      convert to lzip archive
      update release files


Release adwm-0.7.6 released 2019-03-20
--------------------------------------

git tag -n100 -l 0.7.6

0.7.6           Maintenance Release 0.7.6

    This is a maintenance release that includes a fix for issue #8: an
    annoying bug where keyboard actions would close windows that are unable
    to be closed according to allowed actions.

    As usual, Included is an autoconf tarball for building the package from
    source. Please report problems to the issues list on github.

git shortlog -e -n -w80,6,8 0.7.5...0.7.6

Brian Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org> (4):
      updated gennews.sh
      attempt to resolve issue #3
      issue #8 instead of #3: update release files
      update release files


Release adwm-0.7.5 released 2018-10-06
--------------------------------------

git notes --ref=release show 0.7.5

    Maintenance Release 0.7.5

    This is a maintenance release that includes better configuration file
    handling, better handling of dockapps that set ParentRelative
    backgrounds yet handle expose events, avoids bugs in colormap
    installation, provides GNU standard option processing.

    As usual, Included is an autoconf tarball for building the package from
    source. Please report problems to the issues list on github.

git tag -n100 -l 0.7.5

0.7.5           Maintenance Release 0.7.5

    This is a maintenance release that includes better configuration file
    handling, better handling of dockapps that set ParentRelative
    backgrounds yet handle expose events, avoids bugs in colormap
    installation, provides GNU standard option processing.

    As usual, Included is an autoconf tarball for building the package from
    source. Please report problems to the issues list on github.

git shortlog -e -n -w80,6,8 0.7.4...0.7.5

Brian Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org> (12):
      doc search path for config files: address issue #5
      add GNU option processing for other half of issue #5
      now supports GNU std options
      document standard options and exit status
      add more todos
      ignore errors whilst installing colormaps
      need to clear window when reseting background for dockapps
      clear icon area and generate expose on bg change
      only send synthetic expose event
      get rid of some gcc 8.2 warnings
      use actual icon width and height
      update release files


Release adwm-0.7.4 released 2018-05-29
--------------------------------------

git tag -n100 -l 0.7.4

0.7.4           Maintenance Release 0.7.4

    This maintenace release fixes a couple of noxious bugs, one that has
    been hanging around for quite a while (a double blocking wait() on a
    SIGCHLD: which cause the window manager to some times lock up when an
    adopted child exited, depending on timing.  This was keeping adwm from
    starting up properly when other children are coming and going.

    Because this was fixed, adwm now grabs the server when scanning for
    existing clients on startup.  Not grabbing the server (because of the
    first bug) caused adwm to crash on xerrors sometimes on startup when
    windows were appearing and disappearing while scanning (such as during
    autostart).  The server is now grabbed during initial startup scanning.

    Another was not performing startup notification completion for itself
    even though it reports StartupNotify=true in its XSession .desktop file.

    Another was that adwm left dockapp top-level windows annoyingly mapped
    if the dockapp was started before the window manager, or on restart
    where dockapps toplevel windows would be mapped during the restart.  Now
    dockapp top-level windows are unmapped whenever they are managed.  (It
    is the icon-window that needs to be mapped, not the top-level window.)

    With these fixes adwm not starts up nicely under the xdg-launch simple
    session manager that is about to be released and the soon to be finished
    xde-session full blown session manager.

git shortlog -e -n -w80,6,8 0.7.3...0.7.4

Brian Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org> (7):
      yes, grab server for scan
      add startup notification completion for wm itself
      warn when not using prctl
      never block on wait
      do not handle core-dumpers
      unmap dockapp window
      update release files

